	Upon launching the visualizer, the user is prompted to load a gamelog. When clicked on, the "Open Gamelog" action box appears through which the player can select .glog files to visualize.
	The main GUI for visualizing the game logs consists of two major components. The most obvious is the 40x20 grid which overlays the playing field. Each square can be occupied by one unit as well as a tile type. The tiles included in MARS are glaciers, pumps, spawn points, and trenches.
	Glaciers have the current amount of water labeled over them to indicate how much more water each player can draw into their trenches. Pumps and spawn points are colored to identify which player each station is owned by, but pumps, unlike spawn points, are capturable and are liable to change color throughout the game. Trenches can be filled with water or be empty. Once filled, each trench is also overlayed with a number to describe the amount of water flowing through it.
	Beneath the playing field is the score bar. When players begin to score points by collecting water, the bar below displays each players total amount of water proportional to the total amount of water scored. The player's names and point totals can be found on either side of the score bar.
	The top panel contains three menus labeled "File," "Edit," "View," and "Help." The File menu contains the options "Open," "Spectate," and "Quit." Selecting the "Open" option loads the "Open Gamelog" action box, the "Spectate" option currently is unavailable to users, and the quit option closes the visualizer.
	The Edit menu contains only one option: "Options." When the "Options" option is selected, the options action box is created. Users are encouraged not to change the options in order to preserve program functionality. If desired, the user may change the "Enable Grid" and "Enable Star Animation" boxes in order to change the specified feature.
	Under the View menu, the user can select to toggle the Debug Window (ctrl+D) and fullscreen mode (F11).
	Users are encourages not to use the Help menu as it is not yet functional.
	The Debug Window, located on the right hand side of the screen contains three sub-menus: "Console," "Debug Table," and "Playlist." Currently "Console" and "Playlist" are not functional. The "Options" table in the "Debug Table" contains three checkboxes each of which modifies their respective functionality of the visualizer. The "Selections" list contains the ID's of the tiles and units the user has selected. Selection is only available when the specified boxes from the "Options" table is checked. The information for selected tiles and units is shown below the "Selections" table.
